badinode:
    First argument: An already existing good image file
    Second argument: An inode number to change to a bad type
    Will overwrite given image file to corrupt it.
    Example usage: ./badinode fs.img 5

badaddr:
    First argument: An already existing good image file
    Second argument: An inode number to change to contain a bad address
    Third argument: Index of inode's addrs to change to contain bad address
    Will overwrite given image file to corrupt it. Note: only corrupts direct
    addresses.
    Example usage: ./badaddr fs.img 5 0

badroot:
    First argument: Name of new image file you want to generate with a bad root
    Second argument: Root directory (can just mkdir and put in a file or two)
    Will generate a new image with name specified from 1st arg with a bad root 
    directory.
    Example usage: ./badroot new.img new

badfmt:
    First argument: Name of new image file you want to generate with a bad fmt 
    Second argument: Root directory (can just mkdir and put in a file or two)
    Will generate a new image with name specified from 1st arg without . and
    .. directories 
    Example usage: ./badfmt new.img new

mismatch:
    First argument: Name of new image file you want to generate with a mismatch
    Second argument: Root directory, must contain at least one subdirectory
    Will generate a new image with name specified from 1st arg with .. always 
    referring to current directory (note that if root has no subdirectories,
    the resulting image file will be valid).
    Example usage: ./mismatch new.img new

mrkfree:
    First argument: An already existing good image file
    Second argument: An inode number whose address we want to mark free
    Third argument: Index of inode's addrs to mark free
    Will overwrite given image file to corrupt it. Note: Only corrupts direct
    addresses.
    Example usage: ./mrkfree fs.img 1 0

mrkused:
    First argument: An already existing good image file
    Second argument: Address to mark used
    Will overwrite given image file to corrupt it. Might produce a good fs.
    Example usage: ./mrkused fs.img 150 

imrkfree:
    First argument: An already existing good image file
    Second argument: An inode number to mark free
    Will overwrite given image file to corrupt it. Might produce a good fs.
    Example usage: ./imrkfree fs.img 5

imrkused:
    First argument: An already existing good image file
    Second argument: An inode number to mark used
    Will overwrite given image file to corrupt it. Might produce a good fs.
    Example usage: ./imrkused fs.img 150

badrefcnt:
    First argument: An already existing good image file
    Second argument: An inode number to increment reference count
    Will overwrite given image file to corrupt it.
    Example usage: ./badrefcnt fs.img 5
